[Music]
hello youtube friends like stan sun and
lounge I bring you another video tutorial
for you this the end a song
of juanes a thousand pieces a chance something
new is very beautiful is easy in the
guitar is divided into two parts and
it's super easy to learn so before
to dedicate to the video tutorial I love you
make a parenthesis to tell them
that visit my channel here in the part
go down a channel where I make jokes
etcetera on the street definitely
you can laugh a little bit so I invite you to
that visit it until here is luisa test
youtube.com luis alonso tv send him a
look if you like it super good if you do not
like everything well then let's apply
quickly with the video tutorial or that
this case we will live in two parts
introduction first stanzas equal and
the pre-chorus so to speak then they are
two nothing more to learn so you're going to
link with the first part the first
starting the truth that the introduction yes
see in the official video they will see that
juanes or the guitar is this
movement not
do here take here this be according
we are not going to do it, we are going to do it
yes but in another way because there is a lot
people that the guitar reaches you
here and go to battle to put so
I do not want to kill them either
the introduction first parts of the
next form three more
[Music]
i
this introduction and that's going to start the
first stanzas the song is super
easy to touch the trattoria you from
touch what would come to be the fourth the
fifth fourth third fourth fifth and
sixth rope properly so that you
make a style like that nice rocker is not
practically the first part and this is
will repeat the whole song that
now let's go with what would come to
be the precursor that goes after the
first introduction and first stanzas
and in the following way super easy going
finishing the first traces will end
here
[Music]
the choir is going to be the same
chords that the introduction I told you
then the pre chorus goes again that what
I will repeat one more time so that
can grab will end the
first stanza introduction and here they go
three
[Music]
and that's practically the whole song
there is no more to see him they already saw all the
chords to super easy to learn already
you know you can touch the
different ways that I recommend for
be the rock style playing the
first the last four strings this
fifth when you expect to give him
[Music]
one more detail also if it is so
It makes them very difficult to put what
would it be this one follows this flat
here do it this is not this way the
problem is not going
do what we say sound so that you
can more or less grab the scheme of
leave here not because I know they can
many people can stay in this
well that has been all for my part in
comments can leave any
complaint suggestion what you want to say
methods sense social networks facebook
instagram
twitter I recommend you keep on
twitter if really following videos
natural we can to cotorrear's because
facebook is like a little dead on
prattle adds mind follows mind and
direct is going to continue etcetera let's go
comment if you liked the video
give a favorite like share it vice
you really like all my videos
tutorials so I invite you to
subscribe is one but one click here
apart down to subscribe and you're going to
have access to all the videos that I upload
I upload all the genres so you
I recommend that you subscribe and go to
notification of what I'm uploading that
it has been all on my part using that
we see it in the next video bye bye